---
title: Starter Kit
description: Everything you need to get started with Bread Modular.
image: /images/modules/starter-kit.jpg
versions:
  - name: Fully Assembled
    price: 290
    productId: price_1QvN6FDOvwMyUDfc8mU3RcwR
featured: true
size: triple
---

The Starter Kit is your gateway to the world of Bread Modular. It includes essential modules for you to get started.

## What's Included

### Bread Modular Base

The base module host up to 12 modules and comes with essential functionalities:

* USB-C power supply
* Stereo Line Out
* Stereo Headphone Out

### Modules

Following modules are included in the Starter Kit:

* [MIDI](/modules/midi)
* [Noise](/modules/noise)
* [HiHat](/modules/hihat)
* [16bit](/modules/16bit)
* [Drive](/modules/drive)
* [IMix](/modules/imix)
* [MCO](/modules/mco)
* [ENV](/modules/env)
* [SVF](/modules/svf)
* [LOW](/modules/low)
* [8bit](/modules/8bit)
* [V2CA](/modules/v2ca)

### Extras

* **UPDI Programmer** - to update the firmwares of various modules including 8-bit, midi, mco, noise, hihat
* 10 x 10cm patch cables
* 05 x 20cm patch cables

### Addons

This kit contains our real-time audio computer, the [16bit](/modules/16bit) module. It's a capable module, but when you couple it with a few [MCC](/modules/mcc) modules, you can accomplish much more.

Previously, the Starter Kit came with a [Line In](/modules/line_in) module, but we've now replaced it with the 16bit. If you want to feed external audio into your setup, you may want to consider getting the Line In module separately.

## Size

Once connected with all the modules, it will be the same size as a Elektron Digitakt. But it's weight about 300 grams (10.6 oz) which is much lighter than the Digitakt.

## What You May Need to Source

* USB-C cable for power supply
* 3.5mm cables & converters for lineout
* 3.5mm stereo cable for MIDI (If your MIDI device supports TRS MIDI)
* TRS MIDI to MIDI DIN [converter](https://www.amazon.com/s?k=MIDI+to+TRS) (If your MIDI device has DIN MIDI output)

