---
title: 8 BIT
description: Programmable Computer with 8-bit Audio Output.
image: /images/modules/8bit.jpg
versions:
  - name: Fully Assembled
    price: 20
    productId: price_1QyWtODOvwMyUDfcia2uBonV
  - name: Semi Assembled
    price: 10
    productId: price_1QyWtADOvwMyUDfcf6VvOWQn
size: base
---

This is a programmable computer with 8-bit audio output.

## Functionality

* It uses AtTiny1616 microcontroller which runs at 20Mhz.
* It's quite limited in terms of RAM, but it can be useful for creating audio sources and effects requires very little memory.
* Has two CV inputs with attenuators.
* Built-in low pass filter to smooth out the audio output if needed.
* MODE switch with LED indicator for implementing custom modes.

> As of now, a 909 sampler is implemented as a firmware. More firmwares are in the works.

## Inputs

1. MIDI In
2. CV1 In
3. CV2 In
4. Debug pin for the microcontroller
5. Programming pin for the microcontroller

## Outputs

1. MIDI THRU
2. Audio Out
3. Audio Out
4. GATE Out
5. GATE Out

## Controls

* **CV1**: Attenuate the CV1 input if provided, if not CV1 input is normalized to 3.3V.
* **CV2**: Attenuate the CV2 input if provided, if not CV2 input is normalized to 3.3V.
* **MODE**: Toggle button to select the mode.


## Programming

This module can be programmed via an UPDI interface. Check out our guide on [programming](/docs/technical-details/programming-digital-modules) the 8bit and similar modules.


## Additional Parts

> This section is only relevant if you are buying the semi-assembled module. You have to source & solder the following parts. You can check our guide on [common parts](/docs/technical-details/common-parts) for where to source these components.

* 2.54mm Header Pins (5-pin) - 2
* Circular Pin Header Sockets (5-pin) - 2
* 50K Potentiometers - 1 (LOWPASS)
* 1M Potentiometers - 2 (CV1 & CV2)
