---
title: 16 BIT
description: Programmable Computer (DSP Enabled) with 16-bit Audio Output.
image: /images/modules/16bit.jpg
versions:
  - name: Fully Assembled
    price: 35
    productId: price_1RVUaxDOvwMyUDfc7LEcrlp0
  - name: Semi Assembled
    price: 25
    productId: price_1RVUaRDOvwMyUDfckMlfTGDQ
size: base
---

This is a programmable computer with 16-bit audio output. It's a capable system for running real-time audio effects and creating complex sound sources.

## Useful Links

* [Documentation](/docs/16bit/introduction)
* [16bit UI](/ui/16bit)

## Features

* Raspberry Pi RP2350A Microcontroller (dual-core)
* Floating-point calculation support (for enhanced DSP capabilities)
* 16MB of Flash Memory
* 8MB of PSRAM (+ 520KB of High-Speed SRAM)
* 2 x 16-bit DAC
* 2 x 12-bit ADC
* MIDI In/Out
* 2 x CV Input with Attenuators
* 2 x Gate Outputs
* MODE switch with LED indicator
* USB for PC Connectivity (or other USB uses)

## Firmware

It comes with modular firmware, allowing you to select the functionalities you need. It's just like a micro version of an Effects Rack in Ableton.

[Launch 16 bit UI](/ui/16bit)

Using the above web UI, you can configure your 16bit as needed. Currently, the following apps are included:

* 12 Voice drum sampler with pluggable effects
* 9 Voice polysynth with a Moog-like ladder filter

> More applications and effects are planned.

## Extending with MCC

16bit and our firmware leverage MIDI for controlling parameters in the 16bit app and effects. You can use any MIDI device capable of sending CCs.

We also offer a [MIDI controller (MCC)](modules/mcc) that can control 4 CCs and includes 3 banks of CC ranges, allowing you to access and manipulate parameters without an external MIDI controller.

## Inputs

1. MIDI In
2. Audio In 1 (A1)
3. Audio IN 2 (A2)
4. CV In 1 (CV1)
5. CV In 2 (CV2)

## Outputs

1. MIDI Out (Thru by default)
2. Audio Out 1 (A1)
3. Audio Out 2 (A2)
4. GATE Out (G1)
5. GATE Out (G2)

## Controls

* **CV1**: Attenuates the CV1 input if provided; otherwise, the CV1 input is normalized to 3.3V.
* **CV2**: Attenuates the CV2 input if provided; otherwise, the CV2 input is normalized to 3.3V.
* **MODE**: Customizable button with an LED.


## Programming

16bit is essentially an extended version of a Raspberry Pi Pico 2 designed for running audio apps. You can program it like any other Raspberry Pi Pico, but we highly recommend using or forking our [16bit firmware on GitHub](https://github.com/bread-modular/bread-modular/tree/main/modules/16bit/code), as it's built from the ground up for real-time audio use. Here are some of its features:

* Dedicated core for audio processing
* An easy-to-use application framework
* I2S support implemented for PT8266 DAC (using PIO)
* Filesystem for saving data in the Flash (using LFS)
* Built-in MIDI support
* Serial based exteral API (via USB)
* Effects & Basic Audio Generators

## Additional Parts

> This section is only relevant if you are purchasing the semi-assembled module. You must source and solder the following parts. You can check our guide on [common parts](/docs/technical-details/common-parts) for sourcing these components.

* 2.54mm Header Pins (5-pin) - 2
* Circular Pin Header Sockets (5-pin) - 2
* 1M Potentiometers - 2 (CV1 & CV2)
